---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-13T22:16:24.223Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-13T22:16:07.781Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-13-0b7193af-e89c-45a7-ad11-39b60a1ef613.md
published: true
url: 0b7193af-e89c-45a7-ad11-39b60a1ef613/index.html
_type: Article

---
### Owner Financed Business Notes

We offer several options if you would like to sell your Business Note payments. These options are designed to meet your immediate and future financial needs. Here is our basic criteria for Seller Financed Business Notes:

* All Business Types Considered
* 1st Lien Positions Only
* Personal Guarantee Of Payer
* 30% Down Payment by purchaser (smaller down payment in some cases)
* 3 months seasoning (less seasoning in some cases)

Buy Out Options
* Full Purchase
* Partial Purchase
* Split Payment Purchase

## How it works:

1

### Identifying a distressed asset.

Choosing a portfolio that is right for you is one of the most important factor in the success of your business.

2

### Marketing your distressed assets.

Our acquired distressed asset is only as valuable as the target market dictates. Let Fitzgerald help you select which marketing plan is the most effective way to realize maximum gains.

3

### Management & Processing.

We offer a wide array of full and complete services designed to streamline processing and reduce management overhead associated with every level of the buying business.

## Contact us regarding any further information...

We are

Fitzgerald Debt Acquisitions

And Would Love To Hear From You! If you are interested in purchasing or selling your distressed asset through a debt broker age firm with the best contacts in the industry, or just have questions on debt sales and brokerage in general, please write, call, or email us. It will be our pleasure to provide whatever information you require to become successful in the debt sales industry!

6615 W. Boynton Beach Blvd Suite 235, Boynton Beach, FL 33437

* Telephone: +1-567-336-9400
* Fax: +1-866-551-7899

* Sales Inquiries:[sales@fitzdebt.com][0]
* Legal Consult:[legal@fitzdebt.com][1]
* Media/Post Sales:[media@fitzdebt.com][2]

Fitzgerald Debt Acquisitions LLC(tm) (c) 2014 |

[Privacy Policy][3]

WEB by

[0]: mailto:sales@fitzdebt.com
[1]: mailto:legal@fitzdebt.com
[2]: mailto:media@fitzdebt.com
[3]: http://web.archive.org/web/20141219171446/http://www.fitzdebt.com/